made me a J cap for a friend actually
that mine um like one o'clock right now
stayed up with like to make it cry
goofed around to cat um I didn't have
any black thread because I forgot it so
I I'll close the eyes on there so floppy
yes can't help the bump so anybody can
help me out figure out how not to do the
bump the bumpers lift cute though I made
it for a friend for Valentine's Day you
wanted one for his girlfriend but he
said he's gonna keep it which condom not
right cuz he already has a fox that he
kept from his last one try get it pretty
and then a little awesomeness soon as it
fountains and stuff and the heart and
inside get him right on it so is also
hot glued um I got lazy there's the Hat
OMG from adventure time his nose is
messed up but yes richard has i almost
want to keep it but not for me course
I'm women luckily I hope she likes it
goes best with about two hours on this
thing but flowers had just done nothing
mmm so cute I want to get it looking
worse for not close Nyssa funny oh yeah
adventure time I love that show so much
Neffe it's my bday I my pajama wife
beater apparently so yeah adventure time
yes I just have to videotape it to get
it because it's a cute but then again
it's like made your hack job that's my
first Jake hat so it's like horrible
like here was his first now I didn't I
messed up big time on it look it um
mainly heart for me you gonna keep chain
on it and just like hanging on my bag or
something oh god there's a smell like
cologne
hey bacon heart half of it Thomas has
the other half to my bacon hunt love you
Thomas my bacon hurt hmm he smells like
put them I love that clone it smells so
good so yeah by the way upcoming video I
see monkeys so I'm gonna do something
AMA by